Doc: Add details (#802)
algolia/docsearch: docs/src/faq.md

website. Once the crawl is successfully achieved, this temporary index overwites
the old index defined in your configuration with the key `index_name`.

> ## Why my pages is not indexed or can not be retrieved?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why aren't my pages indexed?
```

> We are crawling your website according to your configuration. It might happen

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are scraping your website according to your configuration. It might happen
```

Author: We want to avoid using this wording but you are right. Will not do it

Reviewer 2: I don't understand your comment, but you're more aware of the word :)

Author: We do not want to over promote "scraper" since we have a dedicated crawler

Author: Please approve if you do not need to change anything please

Reviewer 2: I thought it was the other way round (removing the word "crawler" here)

Reviewer: I understood the same as @Haroenv. We don't want to use the word "crawler" anymore.

> that some pages might be missing from the search. There is several possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that some pages are missing from the search. There are several possible
```

Author: Thanks

reasons for that:

- Makes sure you are not filtering on the search by wrongly using
  `facetFilters`. [See here for more details][11].
- Make sure the page missing is referenced from an other indexed page thanks to
  a hyperlink tag `<a/>`.
- Make sure you are [providing a compliant sitemap from the configuration][12]
  and that this page is referenced by it.

> If none of the previous points helps, you can contact our support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If none of the previous points help, you can contact our support.
```

Author: Thx

> If none of the previous points helps, you can contact our support.

Reviewer: Add link to support?

Author: We do not have a specific link. Using the email address but this is somewhere else. Thanks
